Add Basic-knowledge to the Fork section (#27)
msagansk/Augur.Guide: collections/_version2-english/9-fork/1-basic-knowledge.md

{% assign glossary_creation_bond = glossary_path | append: '#Creation_Bond' %}
{% assign glossary_parent_universe = glossary_path | append: '#Parent_Universe' %}
{% assign glossary_child_universe = glossary_path | append: '#Child_Universe' %}
{% assign glossary_all_theoretical_rep = glossary_path | append: '#All_Theoretical_REP' %}
{% assign glossary_forking_period = glossary_path | append: '#Forking_Period' %}
{% assign glossary_winning_universe = glossary_path | append: '#Winning_Universe' %}
{% assign glossary_losing_universe = glossary_path | append: '#Losing_Universe' %}

# What is a fork?
[Forking]({{glossary_fork}}) is the last [market]({{glossary_market}}) resolution method. It is a very disruptive process and is intended to be a rare occurrence.

After a market enters [reporting]({{glossary_report}}), its [initial reporter]({{glossary_initial_reporter}}) submits [initial report]({{glossary_initial_report}}), and the market enters the [dispute round phase]({{glossary_dispute_round_phase}}). and the reported [outcome]({{glossary_outcome}}) becomes the market's [tentative outcome]({{glossary_tentative_outcome}}).

> During a [dispute round]({{glossary_dispute_round}}), any [REP]({{glossary_reputation_token}}) holder may [dispute]({{glossary_dispute}}) the tentative outcome by staking REP on an alternative outcome of the market which they consider the "truth". To be successful the dispute, their staking REP needs to reach a certain amout. This amount is called [dispute bond]({{glossary_dispute_bond}}). With each successive dispute round, a higher dispute bond is needed. If the size of dispute bond reaches a certain [threshold](#how-the-market-enters-the-fork-state), the [universe]({{glossary_universe}}) where the diputed market exists is split into multiple universe, one for each possible outcome of the disputed market. This split is the fork.

Reviewer: > into multiple universe,

should be
> into multiple universes,

Author: ```suggestion
During a [dispute round]({{glossary_dispute_round}}), any [REP]({{glossary_reputation_token}}) holder may [dispute]({{glossary_dispute}}) the tentative outcome by staking REP on an alternative outcome of the market which they consider the "truth". To be successful the dispute, their staking REP needs to reach a certain amount. This amount is called [dispute bond]({{glossary_dispute_bond}}). With each successive dispute round, a higher dispute bond is needed. If the size of dispute bond reaches a certain [threshold](#how-the-market-enters-the-fork-state), the [universe]({{glossary_universe}}) where the disputed market exists is split into multiple universes, one for each possible outcome of the disputed market. This split is the fork.
```

Author: I'm closing this conversation. Since those were fixed by the pull request https://github.com/msagansk/Augur.Guide/pull/28.

> There are [somethings REP holders must do]({{ "/" | absolute_url }}/{{page.collection}}/9-fork/2-to-dos.html) for a fork to not lose their REP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are [some things REP holders must do]({{ "/" | absolute_url }}/{{page.collection}}/9-fork/2-to-dos.html) for a fork to not lose their REP.
```

  <tbody>
  <tr>
    <td class="center" >Initial Reporting</td>
    <td class="right" >0.35</td>
    <td class="right" >0</td>
    <td class="right" >0</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="center" >Dispute Round 1</td>
    <td class="right" >0</td>
    <td class="right" >0.7</td>
    <td class="right" >0</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="center" >Dispute Round 2</td>
    <td class="right" >1.05</td>
    <td class="right" >0</td>
    <td class="right" >0</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="center" >Dispute Round 3</td>
    <td class="right" >0</td>
    <td class="right" >2.1</td>
    <td class="right" >0</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td  rowspan="1" colspan="4" class="center" >〜</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="center" >Dispute Round 18</td>
    <td class="right" >68,812.8</td>
    <td class="right" >0</td>
    <td class="right" >0</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="center" >Dispute Round 19</td>
    <td class="right" >0</td>
    <td class="right" >137,625.6</td>
    <td class="right" >0</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="center" >Dispute Round 20</td>
    <td class="right" ><b>275,251.2</b></td>
    <td class="right" >0</td>
    <td class="right" >0</td>
  </tr>
  </tbody>
 </table>

> In this case, the threshold (`275,000` REP) is exceeded in Dispute Round 20. That is a fork occurs when the dispute succeeds in Round 20.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, the threshold (`275,000` REP) is exceeded in Dispute Round 20. That is, a fork occurs when the dispute succeeds in Round 20.
```

## When does a fork end?

> The period from the start to the end of a fork is referred to as the [forking period]({{glossary_forking_period}}). The forking period ends when either 60 days have passed, or more than 50% of [all theoretical REP]({{glossary_all_theoretical_rep}}) is migrated to some [child universe]({{glossary_child_universe}}). Whichever child universe receives the most migrated REP by the end of the forking period becomes the [winning universe]({{glossary_winning_universe}}), the other child universes become the [losing universe]({{glossary_losing_universe}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The period from the start to the end of a fork is referred to as the [forking period]({{glossary_forking_period}}). The forking period ends when either 60 days have passed, or more than 50% of [all theoretical REP]({{glossary_all_theoretical_rep}}) is migrated to one of the [child universes]({{glossary_child_universe}}). Whichever child universe receives the most migrated REP by the end of the forking period becomes the [winning universe]({{glossary_winning_universe}}), the other child universes become the [losing universe]({{glossary_losing_universe}}).
```

Author: I'm closing this conversation. Since those were fixed by the pull request https://github.com/msagansk/Augur.Guide/pull/28.
